I was thinking we should start tracking user data. To start off, generate a UUID using the Lume library. Don't forget to save the time of the first launch, and use the time to seed a clock value.

This idea was written down (or something similar to it) in #2 already. It even started being implemented in work on #5.

Could you close that issue for me?

Today we'd like to implement a Productivity Tracker. This should be a class that manages whether or not employees are monitoring their email systems and responding appropriately.

Use Beholder to check for events to be fired by the email program (we'll add those in later), and then decide how to assign some sort of point value.

Set up a scanner to be able to read through an email's text and figure out what the true meaning is.

Later on, we'll add the ability for the system to recognize other tasks and events fired by other programs.

Oh, and one more thing, the employee should be able to see their current score, maybe in something like a taskbar icon?

I'm closing this issue.

Everything here is mostly done, but see #18 for more/where it continues.

There is a potential memory leak in the email program we have been using. It has a LF object as its main container that isn't always unset properly.

Someone should look into this.

This has probably been effectively solved by #21 being fixed.

Implement an update system of some kind. We need a server to hold the files and manifests of files, then make a program to check the manifests and compare them to local copies, then download the correct files.

It works for the most part, but this is heavily alpha, we shouldn't use it.

The log in dialog isn't closing properly once a user is logged in. I think the problem has to do with Remove() being called within itself.

Try removing the object in the desktop's event observation.

Get help from the creator of LF if needed.

There seems to be a problem with creating two email program instances in the same place. I end up with two LF objects that have different data, but seem to reference the same internal objects. They're also doubling events when deleting emails, which is causing a major problem with productivity tracking.

Replace the clock panel with a proper taskbar. Use a full horizontal list so that we can add infinite items.

Place the clock within the taskbar and add some form of main menu button. The taskbar additionally needs to stay on top of other objects on screen.

Divide the taskbar into sections, so we can have an icon area for background stuff and a main area with regular programs.

Internally, the taskbar needs a main list, a reference to a "start" menu of some fashion (make sure it is not called this to avoid lawsuit), a list of programs and icons, and a clock.

The taskbar should have its own method for rebuilding the list whenever an object is added or removed.

This is mostly done for now.

Make sure you update the manifest for a prototype release. If you've missed anything, everything goes down in flames.

The log in system needs to be refactored. The code is very messy. It also allows a log in with a blank username and password, which definitely SHOULD NOT HAPPEN.

We'll have to finish cleaning up the code later, right now we need to launch a prototype.

There's an extra space printing at the end of every paragraph. Figure out what's causing this and keep it from happening.

Rewrite everything dealing with LF to remove all objects from the inside-out. Like, start with the inner-most object, and then head out like an onion. That'd work great, man.

It should work.

Why doesn't the log in work when I press enter?

Oh shit, we need to fix that ASAP.

Yea, we need to fix that.

Why is our license out of date? Fix it.

Right now, we aren't adhering to the licenses of several libraries already in use. Make sure this is taken care of before the press finds out.

Everything really should have icons. I mean, this isn't the 1980s where everything was just text. C'mon man.

We don't have any artists on staff though, so we'll be relying on programmer art to get this thing out the door.

Make sure the taskbar utilizes the new icons that have been made.

Hey, you up for lunch? I'm thinking about having a salad.

Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to inform you of a fire that has broken out in the IT department. Please send help immediately.

Issues #1 #3 #4 #6 #10 #16 #18 #21 #25 #28 #34 #41 #75 incorporated.
